Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is a company in the Consumer Cyclical sector and Internet Retail industry based in United States.
As of the latest data snapshot used in this project, the market cap of Amazon.com, Inc. was 2.49 trillion USD.
The company generated total revenue of 691.33 billion USD over the trailing twelve months.
Its profit margin was 11.1%, operating margin was 11.1%, and gross margin was 50.0%.
Amazon.com, Inc. employs roughly 1,578,000 people.
The trailing price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was about 32.9.
Business summary: Amazon.com, Inc. engages in the retail sale of consumer products, advertising, and subscriptions service through online and physical stores in North America and internationally. The company operates through three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also manufactures and sells electronic devices, including Kindle, fire tablets, fire TVs, echo, ring, blink, and eero; and develops and produces media content. In addition, the company offers programs that enable sellers to sell their products in its stores; and programs that allow authors, independent publishers, musicians, filmmakers, Twitch streamers, skill and app developers, and others to publish and sell content. Further, it provides compute, storage, database, analytics, machine learning, and other services, as well as advertising services through programs, such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. Additionally, the company offers Amazon Prime, a membership program. The company's products offered through its stores include merchandise and content purchased for resale and products offered by third-party sellers. It also provides AgentCore services, such as AgentCore Runtime, AgentCore Memory, AgentCore Observability, AgentCore Identity, AgentCore Gateway, AgentCore Browser, and AgentCore Code Interpreter. It serves consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, content creators, advertisers, and employees. Amazon.com, Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.