JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is a company in the Financial Services sector and Banks - Diversified industry based in United States.
As of the latest data snapshot used in this project, the market cap of JPMorgan Chase & Co. was 860.89 billion USD.
The company generated total revenue of 167.23 billion USD over the trailing twelve months.
Its profit margin was 34.7%, operating margin was 43.7%, and gross margin was 0.0%.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. employs roughly 318,153 people.
The trailing price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was about 15.5.
Business summary: JPMorgan Chase & Co. operates as a financial services company worldwide. It operates through three segments: Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management. The company offers deposit, investment and lending products, cash management, and payments and services; mortgage origination and servicing activities; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and credit cards, auto loans, leases, and travel services to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, and digital and telephone banking. It also provides investment banking products and services, including corporate strategy and structure advisory, and equity and debt market capital-raising services, as well as loan origination and syndication; payments; and cash and derivative instruments, risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research, as well as offers securities services, including custody, fund services, liquidity, and trading services, and data solutions products. In addition, the company provides financial solutions, including lending, payments, investment banking, and asset management to small and midsized companies, local governments, nonprofit clients, and municipalities, as well as commercial real estate clients. Further, it offers multi-asset investment management solutions in equities, fixed income, alternatives, and money market funds to institutional clients and retail investors; and retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits, and investment management products to high net worth clients. The company was founded in 1799 and is headquartered in New York, New York.