Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) is a company in the Consumer Cyclical sector and Auto Manufacturers industry based in United States.
As of the latest data snapshot used in this project, the market cap of Tesla, Inc. was 1.43 trillion USD.
The company generated total revenue of 95.63 billion USD over the trailing twelve months.
Its profit margin was 5.3%, operating margin was 6.6%, and gross margin was 17.0%.
Tesla, Inc. employs roughly 125,665 people.
The trailing price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was about 294.6.
Business summary: Tesla, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, leases, and sells electric vehicles, and energy generation and storage systems in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Automotive; and Energy Generation and Storage. The Automotive segment offers electric vehicles, as well as sells automotive regulatory credits; and non-warranty after-sales vehicle, used vehicles, body shop and parts, supercharging, retail merchandise, and vehicle insurance services. This segment also provides sedans and sport utility vehicles through direct and used vehicle sales, a network of Tesla Superchargers, and in-app upgrades; purchase financing and leasing services; services for electric vehicles through its company-owned service locations and Tesla mobile service technicians; and vehicle limited warranties and extended service plans. The Energy Generation and Storage segment engages in the design, manufacture, installation, sale, and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products, and related services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers and utilities through its website, stores, and galleries, as well as through a network of channel partners. This segment also provides services and repairs to its energy product customers, including under warranty; and various financing options to its residential customers. The company was formerly known as Tesla Motors, Inc. and changed its name to Tesla, Inc. in February 2017. Tesla, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.